Nei

Commands:
add
delete
list
listc
listnd
listp
markc
markp
update

Command: add
Usage:
nei add {task} -desc {description}


The `add` command adds a task to the task list. Both {task} and {description} must be enclosed in quotation marks if they contain spaces.
The add command needs two additional arguments to be passed when called, one which is optional.
The {task} argument is always neccessary, but the {description} argument is not and is optional for in case you want add additional informationt to the task. For example:
nei add "Homework ssignment" -desc "This assignment must be done before 12 am." 
you can omit the -desc argument if you don't plan on adding additional information.

Examples:
1. Single-word arguments with no spaces:
   nei add TaskName -desc Description
   - Here since the task name and description does not contain any word, you can omit the parenthesis.

2. Multi-word arguments with spaces:
   nei add "This task" -desc" This is the description"

   In this case:
   - The task is "This task"
   - The description is "This is the description"
   - Since there are spaces here, you need the parenthesis for the input to be valid.



Command: delete
Usage:
nei delete {taskID}

The delete command deletes a task from the JSON file based on the specified task ID. Each task has its own unique ID, of which you can use to delete a task from the JSON file by specifying the ID.
If the provided ID does not exist or is not correct, an error message will be displayed.



Command: list
Usage:
nei list

Basically, it displays all the tasks that are currently stored in the JSON file.


Command: listc
Usage:
nei listc

This command is pretty similiar to the previous one, although, this one filters the tasks to display only tasks with the status "Completed"
So, when you use that command, the tasks list will be filtered to display only tasks with the status "Completed".
The c in listc short for completed


Command: listnd
Usage:
nei listnd

This command is also similiar to the last two commands. To keep this short, this command displays tasks with the status "Not-Done"
The nd in listnd is short for not done.

Command: listp
Usage:
nei listp
This command will display tasks marked with the status "In-Progress"
The p in listp is short for In progress.

Command: markc
Usage:
nei markc {taskID}

As you might've already seen, a single task consists of 6 properties. 
ID
Task name
Description
Created At
Updated At
Status

The c in markc is short for completed, so When the markc command is used alongside a valid task ID. It marks a task's status completed.
Then the Updated At field gets updated with your systems date.


Command: markp
Usage:
nei markp {taskID}

This command is also familiar to markc. Though, this command marks a task's status with a In-Progress status.
The p in markp is short for In progress.


Command: update
Usage:
nei update {taskID} {TaskName}

This command updates a already existing task, with the provided argument based on the ID.